feat: add server-side validation to useForm (#4652)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/examples/form/antd/serverSideFormValidation.md

---
id: serverSideFormValidation
title: Server-Side Form Validation
example-tags: [form, antd]
---

> You can make server-side form validation out-of-the-box with [Ant Design useForm][antd-use-form].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can handle server-side form validation errors out-of-the-box with [Ant Design useForm][antd-use-form].
```
